update Telemetry Operator to use new LogPipeline CRD (#12910)
kyma-project/kyma: components/telemetry-operator/README.md

## Overview

> The telemetry operator contains a logging controller that generates a Fluent Bit configuration from one or more `LogPipeline` custom resources. The controller ensures that all Fluent Bit pods run the current configuration by deleting pods after the configuration has changed. Find all CRD attributes [here](api/v1alpha1/logpipeline_types.go) and an example [here](config/samples/telemetry_v1alpha1_logpipeline.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The telemetry operator contains a logging controller that generates a Fluent Bit configuration from one or more `LogPipeline` custom resources. The controller ensures that all Fluent Bit pods run the current configuration by deleting pods after the configuration has changed. See all [CRD attributes](api/v1alpha1/logpipeline_types.go) and an [example](config/samples/telemetry_v1alpha1_logpipeline.yaml).
```
I know this was not changed by you :) Usually "here"/"this"... is a suboptimal link title and can be replaced so it's more meaningful and shorter.

Author: Good point. I will chang it :)

For now, creating Fluent Bit pods is out of scope of the operator. An existing Fluent Bit DaemonSet is expected.

> The generated ConfigMap (by default, `telemetry-fluent-bit-sections` in the `kyma-system` namespace) must be mounted to the Fluent Bit pods and consumed by an `@INCLUDE` statement in an existing [configuration file](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/configuration-file). Fluent Bit Parsers, File references and environment variables are available in an additional ConfigMap or Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated ConfigMap (by default, `telemetry-fluent-bit-sections` in the `kyma-system` namespace) must be mounted to the Fluent Bit pods and consumed by an `@INCLUDE` statement in an existing [configuration file](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/configuration-file). Fluent Bit parsers, file references, and environment variables are available in an additional ConfigMap or Secret.
```
